(music plays)
¶ Deck the halls with
boughs of holly ¶
¶ La. la. la. la. la ¶
¶ La. la. la. la ¶
¶ 'Tis the season to be jolly ¶
¶ Fa. la. la. la. la ¶
¶ La. la. la. la ¶
¶ Don we now our gay apparel ¶
¶ Fa. la. la. la. la. la ¶
¶ La. la. la ¶
¶ Troll the ancient
yuletide carol ¶
¶ Fa. la. la. la. la ¶
¶ La. la. la. la ¶
- Could I get a
Whiskey knee please?
Thank you.
Anyone sitting here?
- No.
- Great.
Thank you sir.
What's your name?
- Katie.
- Nice to meet you. I'm Johnny.
What's the matter?
You worried Santa didn't
get your letter this year?
Oh no. you just
found out you're on the
naughty list. didn't you?
Don't worry. you get used to it.
That's better. a little smile.
So. what seems to
be the real problem?
- My boyfriend is
planning to leave me.
- [Johnny] Oh. and
he told you this?
- No.
- So. how do you know?
- [Katie] Because
he's done it before.
- [Johnny] And you
took him back?
- Every time.
- So he's done it
more than once?
Three times?
Wow!
And you're still
with this guy. huh?
- Yup.
- Katie. Katie. Katie.
do you not know
how beautiful you are?
- Have you ever loved someone
so much that it felt like
you loved them before?
Been with them before?
Like in another life.
I have never loved anyone
the way that I love this guy.
It's completely debilitating.
- Wow.
So how long have you
two been together?
- Well if you take all the
time that we've been together
and you subtract all the time
that we've been broken up.
about three years.
- Oh.
That's pretty serious huh?
- I thought so.
- Well look. any guy
who would break up
with his girl this
close to Christmas
is a complete douche.
But you should forget
about this guy
and just come dance with me.
What do you say?
- I can't.
- Oh come on. I'll help
you forget all about him.
- Sorry.
- Okay.
Have a good night.
(slow paced music)
- What are you doing?
- You're not gonna like this.
I'm leaving.
- Now?
- Yeah.
- You know Michael.
someone just told me
that only a real
douche would break up
with someone this
close to Christmas.
- Yeah. I know. and I'm sorry.
- You know what.
it doesn't even matter.
It's not like you
were planning to come
home with me
for Christmas anyway.
- Katie. I just...
It doesn't feel right anymore.
We don't feel right.
- That's because you
never really committed.
How can it feel
right when you always
have one foot out the door!
- Look. I'm sorry.
I do love you. okay?
- So what?
Your love comes and
goes like the weather!
It can't withstand even
the smallest discomfort!
What good is love like that!
- Look. I'm sorry okay!
I really do love you.
but I can't.
- I don't care.
You know what. just go.
Go!
And don't you ever come back!
Don't call me. don't text me.
don't email me.
don't run into me.
don't even think about me!
Just go and don't
come back ever!
(Katie sobbing)
- Hello!
Katie!
Are you here?
Hello!
Ooh.
(light music)
Boy.
Hey.
How's ya doing?
- Awesome.
- Yeah?
It looks like it.
Is there anything I can do?
- No.
- Do you want me
to scratch his car
or his eyes out?
- Yes please.
- Done.
- Valerie. when did I become
one of those pathetic girls?
You know. the ones
who cry over a guy
who's dumped them over
and over and over again?
- It's only been a week.
Give yourself some time.
- It's the fourth time!
- So?
What. it shouldn't hurt?
- No. it shouldn't hurt.
I mean. what did I expect?
That time would be different?
That this time he'd
be there for me?
And I keep telling myself.
"Katie.
"you deserve someone
who loves you
"and who wants to be with you.
"This guys has
done you a favor."
And you know what.
I know I'm right.
But it doesn't matter.
Because I still miss him.
I miss the way that
he would roll over
and tell me that he loved me
in the middle of the night.
And I miss his arms around me
and the way he smelled.
My whole body hurts
with missing him.
- I know.
I'm so sorry.
- And it's not just him.
You know. it's the whole life
that we had planned together.
You know. the house.
and the kids.
and the places that we would go.
And now I have to start over.
I have to date.
(Katie crying)
- At least you can go
home for the holidays.
You've got your family.
- Oh yeah. those people.
Won't that be lovely?
I get to go home
all alone. again.
Another failed relationship
under my belt.
- Your family doesn't
care about that.
- No.
No they don't.
Those people with
their perfect houses
and spouses and cars and kids.
They make me feel bad about
myself
just by being who they are.
- What are you talking about?
Katie. your life is perfect!
- No.
- You're successful.
you've got a great place.
you got the greatest best friend
anyone could ask for. I mean.
your family should be jealous
of your life for that alone.
- That's true.
- Thank you.
- How can a man tell
you that he loves you
and then leave?
- I don't know.
I won't leave.
I'll stay with you.
(festive bells ringing)
("Away In A Manger"
instrumental)
- Good morning Charlie.
(Katie chuckling)
Oh. how are you?
Hi baby.
How are you?
Sorry I haven't been
here for a few days.
Did you miss me?
No. you were fed so you're fine?
Water looks good.
All dirty.
You'll be happy to know
Michael and I broke up again.
So. you are the
only man in my life.
Once again.
(light solemn music)
Gonna be gone for a few days.
I have to go home.
Because the only thing worse
than going home
for Christmas alone.
would be not going
home at all. so.
But Cindy's gonna be here.
She's gonna walk
you every day. okay?
Okay?
So don't worry.
You're taken care of.
Love you.
(door thudding)
Oh. I'm sorry.
(airplane whirring)
It's okay Katie.
This is the last time.
This is the last time you ever
come home alone
for Christmas ever again.
(light upbeat music)
- So nothing?
- No.
- Michael didn't text
you on Christmas day?
- Nope.
- And you didn't
text him either?
- No.
- Well good.
It's a new year.
time to move on.
- Han didn't call or text
me over Christmas either.
- Han doesn't even know
you're interested in him.
- Actually. as annoying
as you are.
I agree.
I do deserve better and
I'm ready to move on.
- Excellent!
I know the perfect
place for you guys.
What are you doing Saturday?
- Well. actually.
I have already--
- [Waiter] Are you
guys ready to order?
- Oh. hi Han.
How are you?
- Good.
- Keiko. it's Han.
- Hi Han.
- Hi.
- Han. why don't you
just give us a second.
We're not quite ready.
Thank you
- Sure.
- [Valerie] Anyway.
you were saying?
- I'm now on Binder.
- The hook-up app?
- It's a dating app.
- Oh no!
- You don't need Binder.
I've got you covered.
- Valerie. I cannot go
clubbing every weekend
in the hopes that there will be
a single attractive male.
in the right age range.
who happens to be looking
for a relationship.
At least with Binder
I can set age limits.
look at pictures. and reasonably
expect them to be single.
- But Binder?
- Aren't you on Binder?
- Yes!
- It can't be that bad.
- It is.
- Okay. whatever.
This is how people
our age meet now.
I already have a
dinner date on Thursday.
And my goal is two a week.
- Two what?
- Two
meets. dates.
meetings?
- You set goals?
- Yes.
And I'm already meeting
and exceeding those goals.
- Okay.
The consummate
professional dater.
- Yes I am.
- Good luck.
(light upbeat jazz music)
- How do I find you?
Hi.
- [Male Blonde] Hi.
- Katie.
- Matthew.
You look great.
- Oh. thank you.
- So tell me all about yourself.
- Oh.
Okay. I design websites.
So I do brands. logos.
all of that kind of stuff.
I live in NoHo.
- NoHo?
I rehearse there all the time.
- Oh. you're a dancer?
- Singer in a band.
Razor Blade Kiss.
I'm quite popular overseas.
My band and I are
cutting a new album soon.
You should look me
up on YouTube.
I have over a million
subscribers.
You never heard of me?
Matthew Hagen of
Razor Blade Kiss?
- No. sorry.
- We're kind of like a modern U2
with a touch of punk.
I just got back from Germany
and we're heading for
Sweden in a couple weeks.
Touring makes it
hard to meet people.
Well. not to meet girls.
There are plenty of girls.
But it's hard to find
a quality relationship.
As in yourself.
And then when you find her.
you gotta make sure
that she's confident.
I'm always on tour
and girls are always
throwing themselves at me.
And she has to understand that
that's just the way it is.
That's just life.
(upbeat jazz music)
And we get divorced
and she takes half
of everything.
Including intellectual property.
The best part of my marriage
was the divorce.
My songs. my lyrics. my music.
I don't know what
was wrong with her.
She would just like.
throw bottles at me.
Just didn't wanna be
with her anymore.
She was so clingy.
It was a relief for me.
you know?
Like a burden off my shoulder.
She just couldn't get used to
me being gone all the time.
You don't have
that problem. right?
- I have an early morning
tomorrow.
- Really?
- [Katie] Yeah.
Sorry. I have to go.
- Okay.
I'll take care of this.
- Are you sure?
I'm totally happy
to pay my half.
- No. no. it's my pleasure.
It's nice to find someone
that's not interested in
me for the fame. you know?
- Yeah.
Okay. goodnight.
- That's crazy.
So he said that?
That it was nice to
spend time with somebody
who wasn't in interested
in just for his fame?
- Yes.
(Valerie laughs)
- That's funny.
So. what did you say?
- I said. "Well. I've never
heard of you.
"Check please."
- Okay. well.
could've been worse.
At least you got that
out of your system.
- What do you mean?
- Dating on Binder. ugh.
- Are you crazy?
I am just getting started.
Yes it was a mistake
to do dinner. right?
From now on. meets will be
limited to lunch and coffee.
- What's a meet?
- That's what I'm calling it.
A meet.
- [Keiko] Not a date?
- No. a date is when
two people have met
and they know that they like
each other
and they wanna see
each other again.
- Okay. so like a blind date.
- A blind date is when
other people in your life
have set you up and you
know absolutely nothing
about the person.
With Binder.
you've seen pictures.
you've communicated. you just
haven't met face to face.
- Meet is a verb not a noun.
- [Valerie] English lesson. yes.
- Yes. well.
I'm making it a thing.
From now on a meet is
a previously arranged.
face-to-face meeting for people
who've only ever met online.
- Okay.
- [Katie] Okay.
So. any prospective
meets in the near future?
- Actually. yes.
Lunch tomorrow.
And I've been talking
to this really cute guy
every night this week.
- Uh-oh.
- What?
- What do you mean uh-oh?
- [Keiko] Sounds like an
N-S-T-T-T-A-N.
- What's.
what is that?
- N-S-T-T-T-A-N stands for.
needs someone to
talk to at night.
- Okay. I'm pretty sure
that's not a thing.
- Maybe it is. I mean--
- You guys don't know?
N-S-T-T-T-A-N's have never
seen the light of day.
In fact. no one has
actually ever met one.
But he'll text you
every single night
and you'll think to yourself.
"Hm. he likes me."
And maybe he does. but
when daylight comes.
he will not dare
venture outside.
He is much safer
inside the phone.
Trust me. you don't
wanna waste your time.
- Okay. I seriously doubt that.
- He could be an
- No. he's not a
- [Everyone] N-S-T-T-T-A-N.
- Okay. whatever.
- Totally is.
- [Katie] Whatever.
- It sounds like it's
going really great.
- Uh-huh. you know
what you guys--
- She has no clue.
- I have an N-S-T. right now.
He didn't show up.
True story.
- You guys. you'll see.
("Deck The Halls" instrumental)
Hey handsome. you wanna
take me for a ride?
(Katie gasps)
You scared me.
What are you doing in there?
- The leak in his faucet.
(tense music)
- Oh.
(light music)
Hi baby.
Well you're very clean today.
Thank you.
Thanks Han.
Can I help you?
- Is Keiko coming?
- No. I'm supposed to be meeting
someone from Binder here.
You know. like a blind date.
but I guess he's not coming.
Can I get a chicken sandwich?
- So. she's not coming?
- No.
Was that a yes on the sandwich?
- Sorry I'm late.
Totally slept in. Cody.
- Oh. Katie.
You slept in til one
in the afternoon?
(Cody chuckles)
- Yeah.
- Really?
You don't have to work today?
- No. I'm kind of
between jobs right now.
Yeah. I came out here
to be an actor.
so I've been living
off my savings.
but it hasn't happened as
fast as I hoped it would.
Looks like I may have to
get that job after all.
- [Katie] Yeah. I've heard that
that acting gig can be hard.
- Yeah.
It's all right. my friends been
letting me stay at his place.
but I think he's getting tired
of me being on the couch. so--
- How long have you been
sleeping on his couch?
- Two years.
I know. I know.
I just keep thinking
the next auditions
gonna be the one. you know?
(Katie laughing)
- Yeah.
Oh. thanks Han.
- Hey man.
Nothing for me man. thanks.
- You don't wanna eat anything?
- No. I really can't
afford anything right now.
So go right ahead.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
you were 20 minutes late
so I thought you weren't coming.
I just went ahead and ordered.
- Perfect. no problem.
- Do you want something
to drink at least?
- No man. I can't afford it.
- Well. I'll buy it for you.
no problem.
- Are you sure?
- [Katie] Yeah. please.
- Okay.
- I'll take a mocha frappe whip
with a splash of cinnamon
in a to-go cup. please.
Thank you.
- Mm-hm. no problem.
- [Cody] What do you do?
- Oh. I design websites--
(phone blaring music)
- I'm so sorry.
I gotta get this.
- No problem.
Yeah.
(slow paced music)
- Awe man.
That's gonna be cold.
Okay. where were we?
- Well--
(phone blaring music)
- Son of a!
I'm so sorry.
I gotta go.
But I really
wanna see you again.
Can I call you?
- Sure.
- Awesome.
You're beautiful.
- You've gotta be freaking
kidding me.
And then he said. "You're
beautiful" and left.
- Wait. wait. whoa.
He said. "You're beautiful?"
Really?
- That's the part of that
story that upsets you?
Not that he took
his latte and left?
- That's not--
- I mean. I'm pretty
sure that Binder
is how this guy eats.
If I'd bought him lunch.
he probably would have stayed.
And if he'd been on time.
I probably would have
bought him lunch.
- Yeah. you probably
should stop doing that.
- That's nothing.
Last week this guy
invited me over
and as I was driving. he
texted me to pick up a pizza.
And I went over there and I
didn't wanna have sex with him
and he got all mad
and kicked me out
and still kept the pizza!
- Keiko!
- Keiko. that's. why?
- [Keiko] It's okay.
I punctured a couple
of his tires on the way out.
- Good girl.
- Keiko. why would
you go to his house?
- What do you mean?
- I mean. if you're gonna
get up off the couch.
get dressed. get in your
car and drive somewhere.
the very least you can expect
is this guy to do the same.
Honey. you're worth
getting off the couch for.
- And he could have
been a serial killer.
- Yes. and that.
And. if this guys
upset that you're
not putting out on
the very first meet.
he is not interested in who
you are as an individual.
- He's not?
- No!
You could be the most amazing.
wonderful. funny
person in the world.
but to him you're just a sex toy
that's delivered
itself to his house.
Of course he's upset
when you're broken.
- Unless of course you're
just there for the sex.
- Yes. of course.
If you're just there to meet
your own needs. no problem.
But don't get pressured
into meeting his.
- Maybe if I meet
his needs. he'll--
- What?
Fall in love with you?
- Yes.
- Keiko. were you even
attracted to this guy?
- Well I don't know.
- Wow.
- Keiko. if you're
not attracted to him.
you don't need him to be
attracted to you.
- But he should be
attracted to me!
- Of course Keiko.
- Yes!
- [Katie] Obviously he
should be attracted to you.
but these aren't
self-actualized individuals
who are making appropriate
assessments of our worth.
They're insecure jerks.
Honey. you are amazing.
Any guy who can't
see that is an idiot.
That is about him.
it's not about you.
- Okay.
- [Katie] Yeah.
- Wow. this was a really.
this was a great workout.
(Katie laughing)
Let's go eat!
- I can't.
- Why?
- I have a meet.
- [Keiko] Oh. the meet.
- Oh. trust me. that is
exactly how I feel about it.
(door closing)
Hi.
I am so sorry that I'm late.
- No worries.
Wow. I love the
fact that you are tall!
It's gonna be
great for the kids.
- What kids?
- Oh. our kids.
I want three of them by the way.
Hey. what are you
doing tomorrow night?
- I don't know.
- We should go see a movie.
- Oh.
I don't think that I'm
available tomorrow night.
- Oh. really?
- [Katie] Yeah.
- Okay.
Well how about Thursday then?
- Should we order?
- Yes. yes. we should order.
And we should also go out to
a movie on Thursday night.
- Yeah. I.
I just don't think I'm
interested.
- Interested?
What. in me?
How can you even say that?
You don't even know me.
We barely just met.
- Yeah. and you're already
asking me out on another date.
- Yeah.
So what's the problem?
Oh. oh. oh. oh really?
Oh god. you're one of those huh?
- One of what?
- Would you be more attracted
to me if I was tall?
- I don't know. would you be
attracted to me if I was fat?
- What?
Ew. no. ugh. gross!
- Oh my god.
- No. no. I knew it.
- [Male] All these women.
You give this whole
thing a bad name.
- What are you talking about?
- You know exactly what I'm
talking about!
Judging a man by the
size of his penis!
- And would that
be anything like
judging a woman
by her bra size?
- No. and even if it was.
I would clearly win that one.
- Oh my gosh. okay.
I guess we'll never know
because you could have stuffed.
- You could have too.
- Okay. you know what. I'm out.
Have a nice day.
And.
don't worry about tall you are.
the chip on your shoulder.
it's big enough for both of you.
- Wow.
Okay.
Tall women. am I right?
Yeah. I'll say.
- It can only get better.
Only get better.
(upbeat music)
Hi.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- This is awkward.
- You're so beautiful.
- The food here any good?
- What can I get you to eat?
- Do you work?
- So what is that?
Like websites and stuff?
- I'm a teacher.
- I do not like my
women to work.
- I love kids.
- You want kids?
- Do you cook?
- My real passion
is collecting stamps.
- If you can't cook. how do
you expect to keep a man?
- Don't you think
you're a little old
for the whole starting
a family thing?
- You have good childbearing
hips. I like hip.
- I mean. that ship has sailed.
- You should see
my collection. it's.
it's quite impressive.
- You better be good in
bed if you can't cook.
- You know. your chances of
having a down syndrome baby
increase significantly
after 35 right?
- I put those hips to good use.
- I mean. what are you?
36?
39?
- I keep you
barefoot and pregnant.
- I even have a
Washington three set
inauguration first president.
- I love horses.
We need to go on a ride
together.
- You know. it never
occurred to me
that you would still wanna
have a family at your age.
- It could be really fun.
I know some great trails.
- There's only so much
you can do as a teacher
and that's why I love stamp
collecting
because the options are endless.
- Well. this was a
total waste of time.
- Let's go for a ride.
what do ya say?
- So. with your drink
you owe 23.43.
Plus tip and tax.
(phone ringing)
- Hey.
- [Valerie] Hi. what are you
doing?
- About to go riding
with that guy. remember?
- Oh yeah.
Date number two right?
- Well. technically it's
a meet and now a date.
but sure.
- [Valerie] Well good.
I think you've only
gone on five or six
second dates in the
past almost year.
- Four.
- [Valerie] What?
(solemn music)
- This is my fourth.
- [Valerie] This is only the
fourth time
you've agreed to go out with
a guy again in all this time?
- [Katie] Yup.
- [Valerie] Are you
interested in this guy?
- [Katie] Not really.
- [Valerie] Well then why
are you going out with him?
- Because I'm trying
to be more open minded.
- [Valerie] Well. at least he
rides.
- [Katie] Yeah.
- [Valerie] You sound so
enthusiastic.
- [Katie] I know. I am trying.
- [Valerie] Maybe that's the
problem.
- You know what.
it doesn't even matter.
- [Valerie] What does that mean?
- It's too late.
- [Valerie] Too late for what?
- Too late to meet someone.
It's November. even if I met
the love of my life tomorrow.
it'd be too soon to invite
him home for Christmas.
- [Valerie] That's true.
Unless you were
trying to scare him off.
- Exactly.
- Michael and I
dated for three years
and he still wouldn't come
home with me for Christmas.
- [Valerie] Yeah. but he was
the ultimate commitment-phobe.
- So. looks like
I'm going home alone
for Christmas again this year.
- [Valerie] Better than
going home with Michael.
- After the breakup last year.
I promised myself that
I would never have to go home
for Christmas alone ever again.
That I would finally
find the right guy
and that this year
we'd be celebrating
the holidays together.
- [Valerie] Okay.
well that was a lot of
pressure to put on yourself.
No wonder you've been
acting like a total maniac.
- Good boy.
- [Valerie] You might
have to go home alone.
but you could still find the
right guy before Christmas.
- I have to go. he's here.
- Excuse me. could you
get the gate?
Or not.
Take your time.
- Good boy.
All right. let's back up a
little bit.
- Hi. sorry.
- Hey.
(gate screeching)
- [Date] Good boy.
Let's back up.
Thank you.
Let's go. come on.
Don't worry about it.
Catch you on the next one.
God. what a jerk.
- I think he's
just a little weird.
- [Date] I don't know. if
he worked my boy Damnit.
I'd have him fired in a
heartbeat.
- Yeah.
Your horses name is Damnit?
- Absolutely.
So I can go "Whoa Damnit!"
Shall we head out?
- [Katie] Yup.
- All right. come on boy.
let's go.
(light upbeat music)
- This N-S-T-T-T-A
insight. mister big deal
and all that stuff.
So it's like it's just not a
possible
thing to like go out in public.
Oh hey!
- Hi.
- [Keiko] Oh dear. you look...
- Oh.
I think we need to get a new
place to eat.
- Because you defiled this
one with your Binder craze?
- Yes.
- But we always come here.
- Yeah. if you hadn't
brought all your dates here
that would have been awesome.
Oh hey!
- Hi Han. thank you.
(perky music)
- Hi Keiko.
- Oh hi Han.
- I was wondering if you eat.
I mean. if you'd like to eat
with me?
Dinner?
- I would.
- Tomorrow?
- Yes.
- [Han] Okay.
- Wow. did you guys see that?
- Yes. it was more
painful than I ever
could have imagined.
- He was so forthright.
so direct.
- Well it's about time.
- Some people like to do
things on their own time.
When it's right!
Not everybody
wants to force things
to fit into their certain
timeframe.
- So you obviously told Keiko.
- Oh. was it a secret?
- Oh. I'm so sorry. I'm so
sorry.
Han. just asked me out on a date
and I just forgot about
the hoes before bros rule.
- Why are we
calling ourselves hos?
Why is it that women have
endless names
of shaming them for their
sexuality
but there isn't one for men?
- What?
- Really?
Ho. whore. tart. tramp.
slut. skank. hussy. floozy.
not one for men.
- What about player?
- Yeah. but that's
always said like.
"Yeah player." like it's
a compliment or something.
- Yeah.
- Pimp!
- Oh yeah. like. "He be
pimping."
or like "He's all
pimped out. uh."
You can never shame a
guy for his sexuality.
While it's amazing
women have sex at all
the way we've been
beaten and killed for it.
- You seem to do okay.
- Yeah. that's 'cause
I'm a vigilante
fighting social injustice one
one night stand at a time.
- Just like a regular superhero.
- [Valerie] That's right.
- Sex with strangers?
That's how you
fight the slut stigma?
- Yes.
By proudly and unashamedly
having sex with
whoever you want.
You can't shame a
guy for having sex.
not even if you tried.
If anything. there's a
congratulatory handshake.
but women. we have let them
shame us throughout history.
- That's actually true.
- Mm-hm.
- You're very philosophical
today.
- [Valerie] Thanks.
- But I hate sex with strangers.
- You have to do it for you.
- Well for me to really like it.
I have to feel safe and open.
- You only have to
feel safe and open
if you wanna have an orgasm.
- Anything else?
- Nope. we're good. thanks.
Gosh. all these Binder dates
and you haven't had sex with any
of them?
- No.
I'm looking for Mr. Right so
I've been
obeying all of the rules.
You know. no contacting
them until they contact you.
No sex for a certain period of
time.
and they open all the doors.
- Wow. well no wonder
it hasn't been working.
- Well I don't know.
I'm talking to all of these
guys that I've never met
and after a few conversations
I'm saying. "Let's meet."
But sometimes that works
and sometimes it backfires.
I mean. there's no way to know
that if I had just waited.
if they eventually
would have said.
"Let's meet" on their own
or if they were just a
N-S-T-T-T-A-N all along.
- Oh gosh. I'm so glad
I don't have to deal
with that anymore.
- What do you mean?
- Well now that Han and I are
dating.
- You haven't gone
on a single date yet.
- Yeah. but we're soulmates.
- Soul. really?
Soulmates?
- When you know. you know.
- Soulmates?
- [Keiko] Yes. someday you'll
understand.
- You know what Keiko.
I hope you're right.
Oh.
Hm. it's a penny.
I hope that when I find the one
that I am absolutely certain
that he is my soulmate.
But right now. what I really
need is a holiday boyfriend.
(penny shimmering)
(light upbeat music)
- What's a holiday boyfriend?
- Exactly what it sounds like.
A temporary someone
to go see the lights
and drink hot chocolate with
or cuddle by the fire. and
decorate the tree with.
- You don't have a fireplace.
- [Keiko] Yeah.
- Someone to provide some relief
from the ever present
awareness that I am utterly
and completely alone
at a time of year
that is all about being
with the one you love.
- We're here.
- Yeah.
- Hello.
- [Valerie] You know.
it's a good thing
you're not being dramatic.
- Not her.
- [Valerie] Not dramatic at all.
- Some day. you'll find true
happiness.
just like me and Han.
- Okay. thank you so much Keiko.
See you later.
Bye.
- Okay. bye bye.
- You know. this isn't
about Keiko right?
- You think?
Obviously I need to get a grip.
- [Valerie] And probably
apologize.
- You think?
I don't think she even--
- Yeah. you're probably right.
- I don't know what's
wrong with me Val.
I've been a failure at
my romantic relationships
my whole life.
I should be used to it.
But this thing. this
promise that I made myself.
I believed me.
And I really thought
that I was never gonna have to
go through what I was
going through ever again.
That I would finally
find the one
and that the next time I
went home for Christmas.
he'd be with me.
- I know. I'm so sorry.
- And I've done everything
I can think of. you know?
- I know.
- [Katie] And nothing has
worked.
- I know.
- And what is Keiko doing?
- I don't know.
(car beeping)
(slow paced music)
- Just kill me.
(chimes chiming)
(light upbeat music)
Are you limping?
Whoa. whoa?
Crap.
Let's go.
You picked quite the day.
Oh. hi!
You're a long way out.
- [Horse Handler]
You walked him.
- Yeah. he threw a shoe.
- Yeah. I can see that.
- Can I help you?
- Not unless you got a
horseshoe in your pocket.
- Nah.
- No. we're okay.
You can just go ahead.
- Yeah I could. but then
I'd just worry about you
until you finally got back
and my whole day
would be ruined.
- Oh. well I would
hate to ruin your day.
I mean. mine is going so well.
(male chuckles)
- Come on.
(light festive music)
A little rain never hurt nobody.
Should clear up.
- You think?
- Yeah.
- I hope so.
- So. who's that guy you went
riding with the other day?
- What guy?
Oh. nobody.
(male chuckles)
- That guy was a
real piece of work.
- Yeah?
He wasn't very
impressed with you either.
Said if you worked at his
ranch. you'd be fired by now.
- Ha!
How'd he manage that?
- By complaining to your boss?
What?
You're so indispensable
you can't be fired?
- Something like that.
- Wow.
Sure think a lot of yourself
for someone who shovels
manure for a living.
- What do you think of me?
- What do you mean?
I don't think of you.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I think about you.
- Is it relevant if I'm fat?
Even if it wasn't relevant
they act like I'm asking
some deeply personal
and private question
instead of something
that anyone's who's ever laid
eyes on them already knows.
- Maybe they don't wanna
be judged on looks.
- You're joking. right?
I mean. the whole
thing is based on looks.
Not just online. but if we met
at a bar
at a grocery store.
The only reason they
would talk to me
is because they liked
the way that I looked.
- Can't you tell how tall
someone is in their pictures?
- You actually cannot.
Even if they're standing next to
somebody
you cannot tell how tall
somebody is from a photograph.
(male chuckles)
Yeah.
- All right. let's go.
- No. I can walk faster.
- I'm sure you can.
- No. you should ride.
- I'm not gonna ride
while you walk.
- I.
Really. it's okay.
(light gentle music)
Are you sure?
- Yep.
- Okay.
Come on. get.
They were tired.
- Yeah.
- Well. I for one
need a shower. so.
I'm just gonna go head in.
- Okay.
- [Katie] Okay what?
- Okay you can go.
- Thank you?
Thank you for saving me today.
- Any time.
Time to hit the showers.
- [Katie] Okay.
- Awfully hard letting you
leave.
- Well. if only
there was some way
that you could let me know that
you wanted to see me again.
Some contraption you could use--
- Like a telephone?
- [Katie] That would work.
- All right smartypants.
I'll call you.
- Okay.
You do know that it requires a
certain set of digits. right?
- I do.
- [Katie] And do you want mine?
- I have them.
- You do?
How?
- You board here don't you?
- Yeah.
I guess I just didn't realize
you had access to that
kind of information.
All right. well.
make sure you wait
the socially acceptable three
days before you call me.
- Not a chance.
(light gentle music)
(Katie laughs)
(birds chirping)
Sweet dreams.
- Goodnight.
(phone ringing)
- Hi.
- I did it.
I found a holiday boyfriend.
- Really?
Where?
- He works at my ranch.
- [Valerie] You're
gonna date a stable boy?
- I am for the next
month and a half.
- Is he cute?
- He's so cute.
- Great. does he need the
Valerie stamp of approval?
- No.
I already know he is
not marriage material.
so he is perfect for this.
- Really?
What's the deal?
Is he a player?
- No.
- Oh.
Then why isn't he marriage
material?
- Oh. he's kind of weird and
awkward.
- And broke.
- Yeah.
Not at all what you would
picture me with.
But the chemistry is good.
- Well perfect.
- Look. I'm gonna
jump in the shower.
I will see you tomorrow. right?
- [Valerie] You got it.
- Okay.
Goodnight.
- Goodnight.
Atta girl.
(phone ringing)
- Hello.
- [Male] Hey. it's Jacob.
- Hi.
- [Jacob] Gave it a
day. that's all you get.
- I'll let it slide.
- [Jacob] Busy tonight?
- No.
- [Jacob] Okay.
I'm gonna take you out.
- I think can be arranged.
- [Jacob] Great.
Text me your address. and
I'll pick you up at 7:30.
- Okay.
- [Jacob] I'll see you then.
- Bye.
I can't get that guy to shut up.
(door knocking)
Coming!
Hi.
- [Jacob] Hey.
- Come on in.
How are you?
- Good.
- Good. well just make
yourself comfortable. okay.
I'm gonna just grab
my shoes. my jacket.
I had a client stay late
so I was a little...
What are you doing?
I said make yourself
comfortable.
this is not comfortable.
Come in. explore.
My apartment doesn't bite.
What are you doing?
Come. sit.
- I'm fine.
- Okay.
Let's go.
- You're gonna need a warm coat.
- [Katie] I have this.
- A coat.
- [Katie] I don't
wanna wear a coat.
- Trust me.
You're gonna wanna
wear a warm coat.
- Yeah. that'll work.
(festive music)
- [Katie] Where are we going?
- Ah. just a quaint little place
I like to call none ya business.
- Even if I'm gonna be there?
- Even if you're gonna be there.
Matter of fact. close your eyes.
- I am not closing my eyes!
- [Jacob] You're so difficult.
- Yeah. get used to it.
- I intend to.
Now close your eyes.
- Fine.
This is ridiculous.
- You're ridiculous.
- You want me to stay
like this the whole way?
- [Jacob] The whole way!
Where is your discipline?
- Are we going to the ranch?
- [Jacob] Will you just
keep your eyes closed?
(Jacob clears throat)
- Can I open?
- [Jacob] Nope.
Coming to get ya.
- [Katie] Okay.
- [Jacob] Keep 'em closed.
- [Katie] They're closed.
- [Jacob] Good work. good work.
Just a little further.
(Katie giggling)
Okay hold it.
Keep 'em closed.
keep 'em closed.
- Can I open?
- [Jacob] Patience woman.
patience!
- It's not really
my strong suit.
- I can tell.
Okay.
Open.
(light gentle music)
- It's beautiful.
- [Jacob] Come on.
- I can't believe you did this.
Aren't you the romantic.
- I have my moments.
- What are we gonna eat?
There's no way you could
have prepared food.
brought it here...
Someone's delivering
a pizza aren't they?
- Nope.
Even better.
(speaking foreign language)
- What are you
gonna do with those?
- [Jacob] Cook 'em.
- Where?
- [Jacob] Over the fire.
- Are you serious?
- First time?
- [Katie] Yes.
- All right. well then
I'll get you started.
- Are you sure that's
sanitary.
Yeah?
- [Jacob] Are you kidding?
- Okay. well...
- You're worried about
sanitation?
(Katie laughing)
- Yeah.
- Let's go to the fire.
- Okay.
- Don't throw it
right into the flames.
It's gonna make it burn.
- Well. I for sure want it
cooked.
- Yeah. well. just hold it up.
- Yeah?
Okay. all right.
- Hold it up a little.
- [Jacob] It's a fire.
It's gonna produce heat.
- So bossy.
- [Katie] Telling me what to do.
I want mine cooked all the way.
- Who's the rookie here?
- Okay yes. that's true.
True.
- Tell me. how'd you
get into riding?
- I was that little girl who
wanted a pony
for every birthday party.
every holiday.
My parents just
couldn't manage it.
So as soon as I was able.
I purchased Charlie and it's
been he and I ever since.
Wow. it's so quiet.
It's so beautiful up here.
- Sure is.
And now. for the
piece de la resistance.
- [Katie] What is that?
- Best part of the night.
It's time to make s'mores.
¶ It's time for s'mores ¶
Go ahead.
Let's do s'mores.
- [Katie] What is a s'more?
- What!
Were you raised by wolves?
What is a s'more?
- No!
- [Jacob] How do you now
know what a s'more is?
- Oh.
Oh my.
(Jacob laughs)
- It's okay.
There you go.
Woo!
You really do like to just
dive into the flame don't you?
- Wow.
- Just leave it.
chuck those off.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Those are no good?
- Eh.
- You don't like 'em burnt?
- I personally don't. you might.
- That's the only way I cook.
Just so you're aware.
Burnt. that's what
you get is burnt.
- Remind to never
ask you to cook.
- I was never gonna offer
anyway. don't worry.
Can I have some more.
- Yeah.
(Katie laughs)
You see. I just said it!
- See what you did?
- I just said it!
- Now you're learning.
- Oh my god.
- [Jacob] There ya go.
You know. my Dad always said.
"Ain't no use building a fire
"if you're not gonna roast
marshmallows over it."
- He sounds nice.
- He was.
He'd of liked you.
- Jacob. maybe we
should talk about
what we're doing here.
(slow paced music)
- Okay.
- I just wanna make sure
that we're on the same page.
With my job. I have some extra
time over the holidays and...
I was hoping we could
spend some of it together.
- So what. this is a fling?
- No.
It's two consenting adults
making the most of a special
time of year.
- So a holiday fling?
- Fine. if you wanna
think of it that way.
- [Jacob] I don't.
- Well I'm not
thinking of it that way.
- Well it sure
sounds like you are.
- Look. I just don't
want anybody to get hurt.
I like spending time with you.
But. I just don't see this
becoming anything long-term.
- Why not?
- I'm looking for
something very specific.
- And I'm not him.
- Look. we don't
have to do this. okay.
That's why I'm telling you.
So you can make
an educated decision.
I would love to spend
the holidays with you.
but if that's not something
you're interested in.
that's totally fine.
However. if that is something
that you're interested in.
I'm planning to decorate
my apartment on Friday.
I could use some help.
- So now I'm free labor?
- No.
Fine. you come. I'll do
all the heavy lifting.
- Okay.
- But I got rules.
(festive music)
- About decorating my apartment?
- About our holiday fling.
- Okay.
- First. you don't
date anyone but me.
- Done.
- Second.
I get to go out with you
at least three times a week.
- Are you sure?
That is a lot of times a
week to see me.
- I'm sure.
- Yeah?
Okay.
- And finally.
there'll be no sex.
- Really? Why?
- 'Cause I wanna win this
thing fair and square.
If we have sex. you're not
gonna be able to resist me.
- It's not something to
win. it's not a competition.
- If you say so.
- I say so.
- Okay.
- Rules still stand.
- Now. try this.
- Yeah.
That is delicious!
- Right?
- Oh my gosh!
How have I never
had one of these?
- I don't know.
- It's probably your go to.
It's probably what you
do with all the girls.
Right?
- No. no.
- Take them to the
ranch. make them dinner.
- I'll take them to the ranch.
- Oh!
- [Jacob] but I don't
do s'mores for everyone.
- Okay. well.
thanks for walking me up.
- My pleasure.
- I'll see you on Friday?
- Sure.
- Okay.
Goodnight.
- Goodnight.
(slow paced music)
- Tease.
- [Jacob] Right back at ya.
- He said no sex?
- [Keiko] You have
to marry this man.
- She might be right.
- There is no way
that I am marrying him.
- What?
Too handsome and respectful?
- He is a stable boy.
- Yeah.
But a stable boy who
can lay down the law!
- Yes. I'm into that.
- Look. it's nothing like that.
He's weird.
- He's weird?
- Yeah. he wouldn't even come in
and sit down in my apartment.
I went to get my
shoes and my jacket.
I came back and he
was standing there
like a weird statue.
- Maybe he's just phobic?
- Yeah. that's not
really helping his case.
I just think he's
just socially stunted.
You know. the kind of
person who stands
all by themselves at a party?
My whole life would be spent
entertaining him at events.
How exhausting would that be?
- Well that depends
on how many parties
you plan on going to.
(Valerie laughs)
- Yeah Katie. maybe
you can manage it
for the one or two
parties you go to a year.
- Ha ha.
- Here you go.
Three thanksgiving specials.
- Thank you.
- I'll see you later?
- Uh-huh.
- Young love.
- Yeah.
Isn't it the best?
- So have you two done it yet?
- Done what?
- Never mind.
Okay. so Jacob is coming over
to help you decorate tomorrow?
- Yep.
- Is he actually
coming inside to sit?
- Fingers crossed.
- How will you thank him
properly
without your usual
methods at your disposal.
- I don't know.
Say thank you.
- Yawn. yawn. yawn.
- [Katie] Yeah. you are just
jealous.
- Of your non-love life?
- That I don't have to put out.
- But putting out
is the best part!
- Okay. and on that note.
I would like to say
that I am very
grateful for both of you.
And I don't know what
I would do without you.
Happy Thanksgiving.
- [Keiko] Happy Thanksgiving.
- Here. here!
- [Keiko] Get tanked!
- Ooh. that is yummy.
("Joy To The World"
instrumental)
Wait. wait!
- I'm fine. I got this.
We're good.
- [Katie] Watch the frame--
- Watch your doorframe?
It's gonna end up getting
through the opening.
All right.
And I thought you said I wasn't
gonna have to do any work.
- Yeah.
I lied.
Wait. wait. wait!
Wait.
- You're gonna do a
ceremony for this?
- Well. you're
gonna just light it?
- What do you wanna do?
- I mean this...
- [Katie] Okay. plug it in.
What am I gonna do with you?
(light gentle music)
- Look at that.
- Oh. it's so cute.
- It looks good right?
- We need some.
Yeah. just like that.
- Yeah?
Okay.
(Katie laughing)
- Hi.
- It's morning.
- So it is.
- I can't believe we
slept here all night.
Usually I can't sleep
with so many clothes on.
(Jacob chuckling)
- You kicked those off in
the middle of the night.
- Yeah.
- I promise I'll turn around
and let you put those back on
if you promise
to kick 'em off again.
- Yeah I bet.
(Jacob chuckles)
- Don't you have to go
to work or something?
- [Jacob] Nope.
- Really?
You don't have to feed
horses or muck stalls?
- Nah. sometimes.
Hey. is it okay if I take a
shower?
- Sure.
Aren't you all cozy
all of a sudden.
- What do you mean?
- Nothing.
Go ahead.
- Nah. did you want to
take a shower first?
- [Katie] No. it's okay. you go.
- No. no. ladies first.
I insist.
- Are you sure?
I'll be super. out so fast.
- Go. go. go!
- All right.
(Katie laughing)
(door knocking)
- [Jacob] Is it my turn?
- Yes. sorry.
I know I'm taking way too long.
- No problem.
- I am done.
I don't have any boy stuff.
Oh actually. my ex left this.
Body wash.
- Nah.
- No. okay.
Toothbrush?
- His toothbrush?
- Yeah.
- Definitely not.
- No?
Probably better.
Whatever this is.
- It's a lawnmower.
- A what?
- [Jacob] A lawnmower.
- Huh. so no?
- Nah.
- No. okay.
- I'll just use mine.
- [Katie] You have one of these?
- Oh yeah. sure.
You trim the hedges
the tree stands taller.
- Oh.
Oh. I didn't. I didn't
know it was for that.
I'm just gonna.
you just use whatever you want.
- Thank you.
(Jacob chuckles)
It's lavender.
(door knocking)
- Wait. what are you doing?
- Huh?
- This is my
expensive face cream.
- I bet it's expensive.
Is that glitter in there?
- It better be
gold for what it costs.
My gosh.
Feel better?
- I do. I feel moisturized.
- Oh my god.
- I feel golden!
- [Katie] I came in to
see if you wanted
to go to breakfast.
- Would you like to talk
about how you reacted
over lotion?
- No.
Yes.
- You don't wanna say
"I'm sorry I made such
"a big deal over my
expensive lotion Jacob?"
- No.
I mean maybe I
overreacted a little bit.
but it certainly doesn't
warrant an apology.
- That's you
overreacting a little bit?
- Yes.
- All right.
Guess it's good to know what
I'm getting myself into.
- What?
Shut up.
You're not even getting
yourself into anything.
I didn't mean it like that.
- Let's go for a ride tomorrow.
- Okay.
- See ya.
Hi there.
- Hi.
Now you're saddling
my horse for me?
- Ah I was here.
figured why wait.
Don't worry. you can bathe them
and put them away later.
- Oh I see. so this was
not a romantic gesture.
but a quid pro quo situation
where I get to do
most of the work.
- What work?
You let 'em roll
around in the dirt
and then you put 'em away.
- No. you. (stuttering).
you still have to brush
them after they--
- If you say so.
- [Katie] I say so.
- All right.
Then it shall be done.
- Thank you.
- [Jacob] Here. put this on.
- Me or the horse.
- [Jacob] Either.
- [Katie] Hi baby.
You ready to go for a ride.
(upbeat music)
Wait. wait. wait. no. no. no!
You gotta wash them first.
- They don't wash it
at the grocery store?
- No they do not wash
it at the grocery store.
- You kidding me?
- No. I am serious.
- I thought that
the produce people
were in charge of all of that.
Oh come on.
- Yeah. take that.
Okay. you know what.
You have to go.
- You're pushing me
out of your house?
- [Katie] Yes!
- I'm going!
All right.
- Come here. okay.
(Katie giggling)
Wait.
Okay. bye.
(door closing)
Okay. I have my
wallet with my ID.
my passport. and my ticket.
I have my phone. my charger.
and a book.
I think I'm all set.
- So that's it then?
- If by that do you mean.
am I ready to go. then yes.
- Okay.
Be here in the morning.
bright and early.
- Don't leave.
It's early.
Jacob. I'm gonna
be back in five days.
- And then what?
We wave at each
other at the ranch
as you take a ride
with some other dude?
- [Katie] Of course not.
- Well then what Katie?
Holiday fling is usually
over with the holiday.
- I don't know. but not that.
- Okay.
See ya in the morning.
- Don't leave.
- Why not?
You're going to.
- I'm coming back.
- It's not what I
meant and you know it.
- Stay.
Stay.
(light upbeat music)
(gentle music)
(birds chirping)
We're late.
We forgot to set an alarm.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
We're late.
- You regret last night.
don't you?
- I don't regret it.
I'm unhappy about what it means.
- [Jacob] Why?
What does it mean?
- What it means is
that now this is
gonna be harder than before.
Because when I said I didn't
want a long-term relationship
I meant it.
And now. this is just. it's
completely--
- What?
Completely what?
What are you so afraid of?
- This.
This can never work.
You and I are in
completely different social
and economic circles.
- So?
That's easy for you to say
when being with
me can only raise
your social and economic status.
- [Jacob] What are
you talking about?
- You know what.
it doesn't matter.
- Seems like it does.
- It seems like you don't even
understand what I'm saying.
- It seems like you're
saying you hang out
with a snootier crowd and
make more money than me.
- Oh. so you do understand.
- Wow.
I never had you
pegged for a gold digger.
- Oh. that's right.
Because if a woman wants
a man with a decent income
she must be a gold digger.
I mean never mind how hard
she's worked on her own career
or that being in a
long-term relationship
means the possibility of a baby.
Something can only
hinder her career.
- You think I don't
make enough money
to provide for my family?
- How much can you possibly
make mucking out stalls?
- I own the ranch!
It's mine!
And the one across the street.
I bought the first one
when I was in my 20s.
Second one I
bought a few years ago.
(solemn music)
Katie.
- You own the ranch?
Why would you let me think
that you were the stable boy?
- Look. I didn't say anything
'cause--
- 'Cause?
What?
I mean. it's a test?
- What?
That's crazy.
- Really?
You didn't wanna see if I
would still fall for you
even though I thought you
were just the stable boy?
Wow. you must
have a really low opinion
of my character.
- Katie. I love you.
- You obviously think
that I am capable
of picking a mate
based entirely on the
size of his income!
- I didn't think that.
it just seemed to
matter to you a lot.
And that made me nervous. so I--
- Lied.
You lied about who you are.
And you know what. that's fine.
because this is over.
- Katie.
- You should go.
- No. I'm gonna
take you to the airport.
- I need you to leave.
- Come on.
Let me take you to the airport.
My last duty as the
holiday boyfriend.
- You lied to me.
- I know.
And I'm sorry.
- No. I can't.
I can't be lied to.
or betrayed. or hurt anymore.
I can't.
Please. I'm sorry. just go.
Please.
- You know I would
have come with you.
- What?
- Home.
For Christmas.
All you had to do was ask.
(Katie sobbing)
- [Katie] Happy holidays.
- Be here soon.
Oh wait. there she is.
Katie!
Oh. there you are!
- Hi!
- [Older Male] Hey there!
- We've been waiting for you!
- Sorry I'm late.
- Welcome home.
- Hurry up. dinner's ready.
We're eating.
- Okay. give me a second.
I'm gonna just go put my
stuff in my room okay.
- Of course.
(solemn music)
- [Katie] Hi guys!
- [Everyone] Hey Katie!
- Michael.
- Hi Kat. long time no see.
- What are you doing here?
- Michael's in town for work.
Isn't that crazy.
So when he stopped by to say hi.
I invited him for dinner.
- I didn't mean to intrude.
but your mom insisted.
Was this a bad idea?
- Oh.
- No.
- [Mom] No. no. no. no.
don't be ridiculous.
There's no reason you
can't stay for dinner.
Right Kate?
- Yeah.
Nothing weird about that.
Hi Dad.
- [Dad] Hi sweetheart.
- [Katie] Hi.
How are you?
- Nice you made it.
Awesome.
- Yes.
- [Katie] Sorry for the stretch.
- [Brother-In-Law] You're good.
- [Little Boy] Hi.
- [Katie] Hi.
- Look what I got here.
- I'll just go brush up.
- [Dad] Okay.
- I'm sorry to ambush you.
But your Mom seemed to think
we should surprise you.
- That's because she knew
if I knew you were here.
I wouldn't come home.
- Don't be like that.
- Like what?
- I just. I just wanna
come say hi.
That's all.
And I knew if I'd give
me the chance to say no.
then you would.
- So you did mean to ambush me.
Geeze Michael.
for years I begged you
to come home with
me for Christmas.
and now we haven't seen
each other in over a year.
here you are.
- I'm sorry.
But my company set up
our new office out here.
I was the only one who's
ever been to Colorado.
So I was volunteered.
- That doesn't explain
what you're doing here
at my parents house.
- I missed you.
- Come on you two.
foods getting cold.
- So Michael. what have
you been up to
since last time we saw ya?
- Not much. this new company's
keeping me pretty busy.
- Yeah?
You guys are opening up
a new office out here.
that's pretty exciting.
- Yeah. you know.
we've been lucky.
- [Brother-In-Law]
That's awesome.
- Yeah. how long are you
gonna be out here for?
- So we were
hoping the new office
would be open up and running by
now
but schedules been delayed.
which is why I'm still
here for the holidays.
So now we're
trying for the first.
Make a real strong
start for the new year.
- Yeah. good luck with that.
- Yeah. it'd be good.
- So. Michael. what are
you doing for Christmas?
- Mom.
(quirky music)
- Well. he can't
spend Christmas alone.
- Thanks Mrs. Freeman
but I'm a big boy.
I'll be just fine.
- Well. you're always
welcome Michael.
- Obviously.
- [Brother-In-Law] I agree.
I like having Michael around.
- [Sister] Come on
kids let's go.
Time to go home.
Let's say goodbye to Aunt Katie.
Bye.
- [Katie] Bye.
- It's so nice to see you.
- Yes. you too.
We'll see you again tomorrow.
- For Christmas Eve?
- For Christmas Eve.
What happens on Christmas Eve?
- [Little Boy] Santa
comes to visit!
And he has a
package for presents.
- For presents.
Only if you've been good.
Have you been good?
- [Little Girl] I have been.
- You have been.
that's all I heard.
(people chattering)
Ever. ever!
Bye.
- [Brother-In-Law] See ya Katie.
- [Dad] I'm gonna
put your jacket on.
You're welcome.
- [Katie] Bye you guys!
- [Little Girl] Bye!
Bye grandma. bye grandpa!
- [Dad] Good to see ya.
- [Brother-In-Law] You too.
- I'll walk you out.
- So...
- What?
- What are you up to tomorrow?
- Why?
- I don't know. I was thinking
maybe we could hang out.
- Why?
- Why not?
Come on!
Just give me one day.
after that you can hate me
forever from afar.
- I don't want to hate you.
I want to nothing you.
- Ouch.
Just hear me out.
- Fine.
Lunch. tomorrow.
- I'll pick you up at one.
(door creaking)
- [Dad] Michael. goodnight.
- Always glad to see you.
- I'm going to bed.
- Okay. goodnight Katie.
- Goodnight.
(door knocking)
- Come in!
- How ya doing?
- You know that's the guy who
dumped me last year. right?
Like. right before Christmas.
Probably just so
he didn't have to
come home with me for the
holidays.
- You seem so sad last year.
I'd never seen you like that.
I know you tried to hide it
but it was like you'd
lost your best friend.
- I had.
- I know.
So when Michael
showed up I figured.
what the heck?
He wants redemption.
Let's give him a chance.
It's not like you were
dating someone else.
- I am dating someone else.
- You are?
- Yes.
- I mean.
- [Mom] Well you haven't
said anything to me
or on social media.
- That's because I didn't
want either of you to know.
- Well honey. then. who is he?
Then why do you
still seem so sad?
- We didn't part
on very good terms.
He lied to me.
- Well.
sounds like maybe you're
better off without him.
- No.
I lied to him too.
All this time I've
been telling him
that he is not
good enough for me.
but that's not true.
The truth is that
Michael hurt me so badly.
I'm broken.
And I have been desperately
running around
trying to find love but.
I don't want to love.
Because I don't ever wanna
be hurt like that again.
And as soon as I saw
Michael I knew
it was never Jacob.
It was always me.
And as soon as he hurt me.
I used it as an
excuse to get out.
- You can't love
and not get hurt.
It's just not possible.
Your friends.
your husband. your kids.
at some point they all
disappoint you honey.
And they all make you cry.
But life isn't worth
anything without them.
And you're strong enough.
Strong enough to
forgive and move on.
That's all you need for
any relationship honey.
- What if he can't forgive me?
All I've done is push him away.
- If he loves you.
he will forgive you.
So. what are you
gonna do about Michael?
- Well I'm not gonna invite
him over for Christmas.
But I think we can talk.
and I can finally move on.
- Okay. good.
Okay. goodnight Katie.
- Goodnight Mom.
Mom.
- Hm?
- Thanks.
- Love you honey.
- Love you too.
- Why the blue icing?
- Christmas.
(phone ringing)
- Hiya.
What's up.
- You will never
believe who's here.
- [Valerie] Who?
- Michael.
- What?
- [Keiko] What happened?
- Michael's in Colorado.
- [Keiko] What?
- I'm gonna put you on speaker.
So. what. did he text you?
- No. he was here at my
parents house when I got here.
- What? Why?
How?
Why was he there?
- He stopped by to
say hi to my parents
and my Mom invited
him over to dinner.
- Why would she do that?
- Something about redemption.
- Well he doesn't deserve
redemption. that snake!
I can't believe he just
showed up like that
after all this time.
What did you do?
- What could I do?
My whole family was like.
"Oh Michael. it's so
nice to see you.
"It's been such a long time.
please take Katie back."
- They said that?
- [Katie] No Keiko. they
didn't actually say that.
- He's gone right?
Never again.
- Well.
we're having lunch tomorrow.
- You're having lunch
tomorrow. with Michael?
- [Keiko] Why is she doing that?
- Keiko. I can hear you.
- I'm talking to Valerie.
Why is she doing that?
- For closure.
I'm tired of being stuck.
and hurt. and angry.
I wanna be open.
- I think closure
might be overrated.
- Yeah. I don't think this lunch
is a very good idea.
Have you talked to
Jacob about this?
(solemn music)
Katie?
- Uh oh.
- [Katie] We broke up.
- What?
Seriously?
Katie. I think
you're taking this
whole holiday boyfriend
thing a little too far.
- No. not because of that.
- Then why?
- Jacob owns the ranch.
He's not the stable boy.
- Okay.
Well.
that's new information.
Not bad information.
but why would he lie about that?
- Duh. she kept calling
him her holiday boyfriend.
And that probably made him feel
like she didn't really
like him for who he was.
If she knew that he was
the owner of the ranch
and she still didn't want him.
then that would mean he had
a problem with his person.
But--
- If I didn't want him
because of the money.
that would mean there
was something wrong
with me as a person.
- So he was protecting himself?
- He probably couldn't
bear the thought
of losing you.
Of being enough for you.
This way he had an excuse.
- [Valerie] So what are you
gonna do?
- I don't know.
I mean the plan was
always to break up
after the holidays.
maybe I should just--
- Katie. I don't think
that's what you really want.
- When he told me. it was like.
I didn't even know who he was.
And I haven't exactly
treated him well.
I mean. maybe he's
better off without me.
- Are you crazy?
This man's in love with you!
- She's right.
And I don't say that
about her very often.
- Hey.
- Look. it's been a
really long day.
I'm gonna try to
get some sleep okay?
I'll call you guys tomorrow?
- Okay.
- Night sprites and
bed bug bites.
- Okay goodnight.
- [Valerie] Goodnight.
- What are we gonna do?
- What do you mean
what are we gonna do?
What can we do?
- What if Michael uses
his voodoo magic on her?
She's helpless against that.
- Yeah.
(slow light music)
I have an idea.
(phone beeping)
- Hi.
- Oh hi.
Where are you off to?
- Lunch with Micheal.
I'll be back.
- Okay. dinner's at six.
Don't be late.
- Don't worry. I'll be
back way before then.
My jacket.
(quirky music)
(car engine turns)
- [Katie] You waited
so long. I've moved on.
- You're absolutely certain
that you're not gonna change
your mind?
Katie. don't throw away
everything that we ever had!
- Jacob.
- What?
- Hey Katie.
- [Katie] What are
you doing here?
- Valerie texted me.
- Valerie texted you and
so you drove to Colorado?
- Yup.
- I'm sorry.
but who is this guy?
(upbeat festive music)
- None of your business.
- Katie. I mean it.
We've been through
so much together.
Don't just throw it all away!
Especially.
not for this guy.
- I'm not the one who threw
us away Michael. you did.
And this guy just drove
across three states
because my best
friend texted him.
- You gotta be kidding me.
You know what Katie.
don't come crawling back to me
when this little thing
doesn't work out for ya!
- [Katie] I can't
believe you're here.
- What kind of a holiday
boyfriend would I be
if I wasn't here
for the actual holiday?
I'm sorry.
- Keiko says you
were protecting yourself
because I didn't accept
you for who you are.
- Keiko said that?
- Yeah. really.
- Still.
I should've said something.
I don't know why I was so--
- Insecure.
- Easy now.
- It did seem like
you were afraid.
- Afraid?
- Yeah. like maybe you
were scared to tell me--
- Scared of what?
What was I scared of?
- Yeah. scared like you
know how you're like.
"Oh no. what if I tell her
"and she doesn't
like me anymore!"
I'm serious!
- Who's scared now?
Who's this?
- [Jacob And Katie] Who's that?
- Oh!
- Katie!
- Hi guys!
- How are you?
Who's this?
- [Katie] This is Jacob.
- Jacob. good to meet you.
- [Jacob] Good meeting you.
- Am I missing something here?
- We've been dating
for the past month.
- So. Jacob. you must be the one
Katie's been telling me about.
So nice to meet you.
- [Jacob] Pleasure to meet you.
- Come inside. it's cold!
- Let's do this!
So you from around here?
- [Jacob] No.
I came up from L.A.
- [Brother-In-Law] Nice!
Well. welcome--
(Jacob speaks too low)
(everyone laughing)
- [Jacob] Ah. you look
good to me.
¶ Joy to the world ¶
¶ The Lord is come ¶
¶ Let earth receive ¶
¶ Her king ¶
¶ Let every heart ¶
¶ Prepare him room ¶
¶ And saints and angels sing ¶
¶ And saints and saints ¶
¶ And angels sing ¶
- "As he flew out of sight.
"Merry Christmas to all
"and to all a good night!"
- More!
Another one. another one!
Read "Frosty the Snowman!"
- Thanks Mom!
No. tell Grandma thank you.
- [Little Boy]
That one. that one!
- No. Santa Claus is coming!
Santa is coming.
- Yeah. yeah!
- You have to go to bed.
- Do you guys hear sleigh bells?
Do you guys hear sleigh bells?
- Do you hear them?
- I hear sleigh bells!
- Thanks Grandma.
Goodnight.
- Of course.
- [Mom] Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Got sugar plums.
Oh my gosh.
(fire crackling)
- So.
What should Santa be bringing?
- Nothing.
I already got everything I
wanted for Christmas this year.
A holiday boyfriend.
(phone ringing)
- Hey. everything okay?
- [Katie] Yes.
Jacob's here.
- Good.
- What did you say in that text?
- Oh. just that your
ex was sniffing around.
begging for you to come back.
And that if he didn't do
something quick.
he might lose you forever.
- Such a liar.
- Partially true.
- Hey Val?
- [Valerie] Yes.
- Merry Christmas.
- Merry Christmas Katie.
- Hey. tell her
Merry Christmas from me.
- Oh I think she heard you.
- Who's that?
- Oh. it's just my
holiday boyfriend.
- Goodnight!
- Valerie. don't you
dare hangup!
(light music)
Ugh.
¶ It's been forever since
I've seen your face ¶
¶ I wanna run into that
warm embrace again ¶
¶ I wanna go to
that familiar place ¶
¶ Where everybody
knows my name ¶
¶ I've been far away ¶
¶ I have so much to say to you ¶
¶ I'm coming home today ¶
¶ Where every time that I'm ¶
¶ With you ¶
¶ It's a holiday ¶
¶ I'm taking every
freeway to you ¶
¶ I'm coming home today ¶
¶ So we can celebrate ¶
¶ All day ¶
¶ 'Cause you're my holiday ¶
¶ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ¶
¶ You're my holiday ¶
¶ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ¶
¶ I've been wishing on
the stars all night ¶
¶ To make the days run
faster than the light ¶
¶ Anything so that I
can see your smile ¶
¶ And I can hold you
close just for a while ¶
¶ I've been far away ¶
¶ I have so much to say to you ¶
¶ I'm coming home today ¶
¶ Where every time
that I'm with you ¶
¶ It's a holiday ¶
¶ I'm taking every
freeway to you ¶
¶ I'm coming home today ¶
¶ So we can celebrate ¶
¶ All day ¶
¶ 'Cause you're my holiday ¶
¶ Yeah. yeah ¶
¶ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ¶
¶ You're my holiday ¶
¶ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ¶
¶ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ¶
¶ If I could give you every ¶
¶ Ray of hope ¶
¶ I'd shine on every
path you take ¶
¶ Fill it with joy ¶
¶ If I could give you every ¶
¶ Ray of hope ¶
¶ I'd give it all. give it all ¶
¶ Give it all ¶
¶ Give it with all my joy ¶
¶ Oh ¶
¶ Ooh ¶